Add experimental support for WebPush (#177)
matrix-org/sygnal: docs/applications.md

Please also note that some fields will be unavailable if you registered a pusher
with `event_id_only` format.

### Web Push

#### Setup & configuration

> In the sygnal virtualenv, generate the server key pair by running `vapid --gen --applicationServerKey`. This will generate a `private_key.pem` (which you'll refer to in the config file with `vapid_private_key`) and `public_key.pem` file, and also string labeled `Application Server Key`. You'll copy the Application Server Key to your web application to subscribe to the push manager:

Reviewer: Can you wrap each of these paragraphs? Thanks!

#### Push key and expected push data

In your web application, [the push manager subscribe method](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/PushManager/subscribe) will return [a subscription](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/PushSubscription) with an `endpoint` and `keys` property, the latter containing a `p256dh` and `auth` property. The `p256dh` key is used as the push key, and the push data is expected `endpoint` and `auth`. You can also set `default_payload` in the push data; any properties set in it will be present in the push messages you receive, so it can be used to pass identifiers specific to your client (like which account the notification is for).

Also note that because you can only have one push subscription per service worker, and hence per origin, you might create pushers for different accounts with the same p256dh push key. To prevent the server from removing other pushers with the same push key for your other users, you should set `append` to `true` when uploading your pusher.

#### Notification format

> The notification as received by your web application will contain these keys if they were set by the homeserver, and otherwise omit them.

Reviewer: This feels like it should link to the spec somewhere instead of listing them out again?

Author: I've added them here again since every pushkin seems to have their own format they push to their clients, and the format is slightly different than the spec (counts is flattened). I've mentioned this in the docs now and linked to the spec.

where the push gateway operator can reach you in case they need to notify you
about your usage of their API.

#### Push key and expected push data

In your web application, [the push manager subscribe method](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/PushManager/subscribe)
will return
[a subscription](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/PushSubscription) 
with an `endpoint` and `keys` property, the latter containing a `p256dh` and `auth` 
property. The `p256dh` key is used as the push key, and the push data is expected 
`endpoint` and `auth`. You can also set `default_payload` in the push data;
any properties set in it will be present in the push messages you receive, 
so it can be used to pass identifiers specific to your client
(like which account the notification is for).

Also note that because you can only have one push subscription per service worker,
and hence per origin, you might create pushers for different accounts with the same 
p256dh push key. To prevent the server from removing other pushers with the same 
push key for your other users, you should set `append` to `true` when uploading 
your pusher.

#### Notification format

> The notification as received by your web application will contain the following keys 
> (assuming they were sent by the homeserver). These are the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The notification as received by your web application will contain the following keys 
(assuming non-null values were sent by the homeserver). These are the
```

#### Notification format

The notification as received by your web application will contain the following keys 

> (assuming they were sent by the homeserver). These are the

Author: I meant more that if they are null in the notification from the homeserver, they will be omitted in the payload to the push gateway. Not sure the distinction is important though.

Reviewer: Ah, I misunderstood this then. I don't know if that distinction is important, yeah. I think the important bit is that you should handle them not being there?
